Configuration option for the encoding of log files (#9203)
astropy/astropy: docs/logging.rst

    log_exceptions = False

    # Whether to always log messages to a log file

>     log_to_file = False

Reviewer: Changing this does not seem necessary. I think this example is to show a non-default setting.
```suggestion
    log_to_file = True
```

    # The file to log messages to. When '', it defaults to a file `astropy.log` in
    # the astropy config directory.

>     log_file_path = ''

Reviewer: Changing this does not seem necessary. I think this example is to show a non-default setting.

    # Threshold for logging messages to log_file_path
    log_file_level = 'INFO'

    # Format for log file entries

>     log_file_format = '%(asctime)r, %(origin)r, %(levelname)r, %(message)r'

Reviewer: Changing this does not seem necessary. I think this example is to show a non-default setting.

>     # The encoding (e.g., UTF-8) to use for the log file.  If '', it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The encoding (e.g., UTF-8) to use for the log file.  If empty string is given, it
```
